Connector models not surfaced (#41)
fivetran/dbt_social_media_reporting: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_social_media_reporting v1.6.1

[PR #41](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_social_media_reporting/pull/41) includes the following updates:

## Under the Hood

> - Removes Quickstart UI redundancies by surfacing only connector-level models that are not implicitly run by the package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Feature Update
- Updates Quickstart to surface the connector-level models that Social Media Reporting does not already build, so you can enable them directly from Quickstart:
```

Adapted from your App Reporting PR
